Feat/improve os setup (#57)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/getting-started/setup-windows.md

First you should [download](https://aka.ms/buildtools) and install Visual Studio MSBuild Tools and C++ build tools.

<Alert title="Note">
This is a big download (over 1GB) and takes the most time, so go grab a :coffee:
</Alert>

<Alert type="warning">

Be sure you don't have the 2017 version of the build tools installed as well. There are reports of `tauri build` not working in such a configuration.
</Alert>

> Next, you will need to install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/). We recommend installing it by downloading and installing the latest [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows/releases) for features such as version management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you will need to install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/). We recommend installing it by downloading and installing the latest [nvm-windows](https://github.com/coreybutler/nvm-windows/releases) for features such as version management.
```

<Alert title="Note">

> nvm is not mandatory and if you already have NodeJS installed, you may skip it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nvm is not mandatory and if you already have Node.js installed, you may skip it.
```

</Alert>

Then run the following from an Administrative PowerShell and press Y when prompted:

```powershell
# BE SURE YOU ARE IN AN ADMINISTRATIVE PowerShell!
nvm install latest
nvm use {{latest}} # Replace with your latest downloaded version
```

> This will install the most recent version of NodeJS with npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install the most recent version of Node.js with npm.
```
